unit one greeting customers good
afternoon
has anyone helped you yet no not yet
what could I do for you I'm looking for
some socks what kind of socks well I'd
like to buy some warm winter socks
I'm sorry all we have is thin dress
socks do you know where I can buy winter
socks yes there is an outdoor clothing
store located on the third level oh okay
I'll try there thanks for your help
you're welcome hello hi can I help you
find something
sure I'm looking for a tie oh all of our
ties are in the middle aisle thank you
you're welcome
well by the way are any of your ties on
sale yes all of our silk ties are on
sale today oh do you have any thin ties
I prefer the thin style yes we do
although we don't have many left you
will find some located on the back rack
one more question
do you have any solid color ties without
any designs no I'm so sorry we don't all
of our solid colors have been sold
good morning may I help you not quite
yet I'm still looking ok let me know if
you have any questions sure thanks
excuse me do you have any items on sale
today yes
our men's clothing department has a sale
on belts and where's the men's clothing
department go straight ahead and turn
left ok thanks and have a nice day
thanks you too
unit 2 asking for more information hi do
you need any help
yes could you tell me how much this
shirt cost this shirt is nine ninety
five that's a very reasonable price do
you have this one in black I'm sorry
we only have this shirt in four colors
gray pink blue and green I like the one
in green but do you think the color
Spade oh the colors will definitely not
fade these are pre washed shirts I would
like the one in green please but can you
tell me do you have a size XXL I'm
buying this shirt from my husband and my
husband is very big I'm sorry we only
have four sizes of this shirt small
medium large and extra-large could I see
the extra-large please sure here you are
I think this will fit my husband it's
100% cotton I wonder if it will shrink
after a few washes ma'am these shirts
are preshrunk so you don't need to worry
about shrinking it that's good I will
take this one please
okay that will be 995
here you go thank you so much for your
help you're welcome just one moment
please for your change and your receipt
hello has anyone taken care of you yet
no not yet
could you help me find a pair of jeans
please sure what style do you like
I like the loose-fitting style and what
is your size my waist size is 29 inches
what length are you looking for
approximately 30 inches and what color
do you like
we have black light blue and navy blue I
like the navy blue you might be
interested in these yes I like this
style very much they're very popular we
sell a lot of them can I try them on yes
of course the fitting rooms are over
there to your left
hello can I help you with something yes
please I'm looking for some ties well
you are in luck because we have some
ties that are on sale today
really which ones well the ties on this
rack are thirty to fifty percent off and
the ties on this rack are sixty percent
off
do you have any silk ties yes we do we
have some ties that were made in
Thailand
really can I see a few sure they're on
sale for thirty to fifty percent off to
which do you like
solid colors stripes or designs well I
prefer solid colors okay how about these
oh these are nice but do you have a wide
tie and I'm sorry we only have the thin
style that's okay
I'll take these
unit 3 asking for advice is there
anything I could help you with yes I'm
going to a friend's house warming party
and I would appreciate some suggestions
on what gift to buy sure how about some
detergents and utensils to help clean
the house oh I'm sure other people will
also buy detergents what about a nice
fruit basket
it's simple no I was thinking about
getting them something more useful
around the house is your friend a man
yes perhaps he likes fixing things
around the house maybe you could get him
a set of tools that's a great idea I'll
get him a toolbox you can find it in the
hardware section located on the third
floor ok thank you so much you're
welcome
hello what can I do for you well I'm
looking for a new outfit for this
weekend okay um may I ask what the
occasion would be yes
it's a casual party would this be for
yourself yes okay what price range are
you thinking about I'm looking to spend
between 150 and 200 dollars hmm well we
could start by looking at some pants hmm
I like these navy blue slacks
how much are they these are $60 would
you like to try them on oh yes please I
really like these slacks what color
shirt would go well with them well if
you're really brave I would recommend
this red shirt do you have anything else
hmm we have these silk shirts hmm how
much are they the silk shirts are $60
would you like to try them on yes please
I like the texture of silk but I think
these shirts are too tight for me do you
have anything with a loose fit yes do
you like this loose fit shirt yes I do
I'll take the black-and-white one please
okay huh
but don't you think this one is nice too
please I think I'm done here okay very
well
please pay at the cashier counter over
there thank you very much for your help
sure
may I help you yes Father's Day is
approaching and I'd like to get a gift
for my dad
do you have any ideas for a gift not
really I thought I'd shop around for
some ideas first how about some clothing
no not clothing I get them clothing
every year this year I want you to do
something just a little bit different
would you like to look at our men's
accessories sure what do you suggest oh
that depends does your father wear suits
oh yes he's a businessman he wears suits
every day then would you like to look at
our tie clips or cufflinks that sounds
great let's see your cufflinks sure step
over the counter with me and I'll show
you what we have unit for asking for
discounts good afternoon is someone
taking care of you no not yet could I
ask you about the prices for these shoes
yes which shoes are you interested in
I'm interested in these two pairs of
shoes the first pair is $65 and the
second pair which just arrived yesterday
is $85 they're quite expensive could you
give me a discount I'm sorry sir the
prices are fixed throughout this store
could you give me a discount if I bought
both pairs of shoes I'm really sorry sir
but there is no bargaining in this store
okay a discount really would have helped
me to buy both pairs of shoes sir if you
need shoes with lower prices I could
show you some no that's okay I'll take
this pair all right then that will be
$85
good morning how are you I'm very well
thank you
I would like to direct your attention to
the televisions they are very nice the
overall design is very modern and sleek
how much are they well the 14 inch the
20 inch and the 21 inch are 110 180 and
210 respectively hmm
I really like the 21 inch do you give
discount the you TVs are already on sale
these prices are sales prices 20% off
the regular price oh but I was expecting
bigger discounts I'm sorry and I should
mention to you that this is a special
promotion sale for a limited time only
hmm maybe I should wait for a clearance
sale you could do that but the model you
want we no longer be in stock okay it's
a little bit expensive but I'll go for
the 21 inch
hello how may I help you I have come to
buy the new Sony stereo which was
advertised in the newspaper last week ah
that's just right over here the price
for the new model was advertised at a
hundred and seventy nine dollars but the
price on the price tag shows one hundred
and ninety-nine dollars yes the $179 was
for the weekend sale the weekend's over
now but I came in expecting it to be a
hundred and seventy nine dollars I'm
sorry ma'am but as you've missed the
weekend sales period I'm afraid I cannot
offer you the weekend sales price let me
talk to the manager okay one moment
please
hello Simon yes can you help me with
some customer service please
over at Sony thank you one moment please
good afternoon how can I be of service
to you I came in expecting to buy the
new Sony model for the advertised price
of a hundred and seventy nine dollars
but your salesperson tells me I have
missed the sale period see it is correct
that the sale price was only for the
weekend however if you purchase the
stereo for the regular price of $199
what I could do is give you discount
coupons for your next purchase at our
store okay thank you
then I will take the stereo and the
discount coupons great
unit five bargaining okay how can I help
you oh yes I'd like to buy a new GSM
phone with internet capabilities hmm I
think this Panasonic would be the best
phone for you how much is it it's only
three hundred and seventy five dollars
well huh that's too expensive
the last Panasonic model that I bought
was only two hundred and fifty dollars
yes well the internet capability has
pushed up the cost of phone really three
hundred and seventy five dollars is not
that expensive
well could you lower the price to three
hundred no the best I can do for you is
three hundred and forty okay I'll take
this new Panasonic model good morning
how are you I'm fine how is business
business is going good how is your
business doing our business is not so
good everybody in the market is reducing
the prices hmm have you lowered your
retail prices not yet but when we do we
would like to ask for you to reduce your
prices to us mmm how much of a reduction
in price do you need well everybody else
is reducing their prices between ten and
fifteen percent
mm-hmm well as you know costs are
increasing it will be very difficult for
us to reduce our prices well as you know
if we cannot remain competitive we will
lose our business yes well we understand
and we want to work with you however we
simply cannot cut our prices by 10 to 15
percent
what is the best deal that you could
offer us well we could reduce your
prices by five percent and if you buy
more than 50 units we can give you an
additional five percent discount
fair enough deal hello how can I help
you I'm looking to buy a car for my wife
hmm did you have a specific model in
mind yes
I'm most interested in the saloon ax
with automatic transmission and full
option package that's a very popular
model at the moment
the price is thirteen thousand five
hundred dollars that seems quite
expensive is it possible you could give
me a discount the best we could do is
thirteen thousand two hundred dollars
additionally we will also include $300
worth of shopping coupons at central
department store maybe you could throw
in a spoiler and other accessories or
perhaps you could absorb the cost of
insurance I'll have to check with my
manager please hold on for a moment in
addition to the $300 discount and the
$300 shopping coupons we will also
include the spoiler and a CD player as
for the insurance you'll have to pay for
that yourself okay thank you very much
I'll take the salute oh great
come this way someone will show you to
sign the necessary forms
unit six mistakes about a price
[Music]
excuse me could you help me for a moment
certainly what can I do for you well I
think there might be some mistakes about
foam prices in your store really can you
tell me some more details about this
mistake
yes well the price quoted on a special
advertisement for this phone was
twenty-five dollars but the tag on the
phone says thirty dollars what is the
correct price I don't know but I'm going
to check one moment please
you are right
this feeling should only be $25 I'm so
sorry about the confusion I'm gonna find
out who is responsible for this mistake
and have it corrected right away thank
you thank you for helping us good
afternoon good afternoon will this be
all yes just one pair of pants that will
be $39.99 wait a second I thought the
sign back there said $29.99 for these
pants really let me try to rescan the
barcode and see the computer still shows
the price of $39.99 let me check with a
floor salesperson please wait a moment
thank you sir
the price is $39.99 you may have misread
the prices okay well is it possible to
cancel this purchase I would like to
look for another pair of pants sure
thank you you're welcome
we're a help in yes I'm looking for the
Ralph Lauren cosmetic set oh great
you're in luck
we still have three steps left oh great
I will take one please it comes with a
complimentary bag how nice is there more
than one color for the bag actually we
have two colors silver and black which
one would you like I'll take the black
one please
great that will be $85 excuse me
according to the advertisement in Elle
magazine this month one set cost $65 yes
the ad quotes
$65 for the set but you must bring the
ad in order to receive the discount let
me check with my manager whether we can
still give it to you with a discount
the manager has agreed to give it to you
for $65 thank you so much you're welcome
unit seven how will you be paying can I
help you find anything else
now that should do it how would you like
to pay today
do you accept MasterCard no I'm sorry we
only accept Visa or American Express all
right then I'll pay with my Visa card
okay wait a moment please
I'm sorry this card has been denied I
wonder what the problem is well the
computer indicates to contact your bank
all right I'll do that immediately it
looks like I'll be paying with cash
today I'm so sorry for the trouble it's
quite all right have you found what you
were looking for sir yes I have thank
you I'm ready to pay will you be paying
by cash or credit
Oh credit please
[Applause]
I'm very sorry there seems to be a
problem with your credit card the
transaction is not going through really
what's the matter I'm not sure the
computer notes to contact your bank can
you try the card again sir I already
tried the transaction three times I
still received the same message all
right well can you try this card sure
wait a moment
okay this one works just fine
your total is 28 18 please sign the
receipt right here Thanks sorry for the
confusion not a problem
may I help you sir is this tie on sale
what how much is it it's $14.99 can I
pay with my Visa card sure here you go
thank you
could you please sign here okay here's
your receipt thank you please come again
[Applause]
unit eight exchanging merchandise could
I help you yes I'd like to return these
shoes please
what seems to be the problem well the
sole is coming off of the right shoe
really do you have a receipt yes I do
you may exchange the shoes for any item
with the same price actually I like
these shoes very much could I exchange
them for another pair of course you may
although do you have the same style of
shoes in a darker color
let me check our stock yes we carry a
black pair and a navy blue pair great
I'll exchange these for the navy blue
pair please may I help you
I'd like to return this shirt I'm sorry
we only have an exchange policy
what is your exchange policy you can
exchange this item for any item
equivalent to the shirts price I in that
case I may browse around a bit sure feel
free take your time thank you I don't
see anything else I like is it possible
to get the same shirt but only one size
larger sure I'll look for one size
larger
I'm sorry we don't have this color but
we do have this size in other colors all
right then I'll look at some other
colors okay let me know if you're
interested in anything you see thank you
hello man may I help you
yes I bought this purse last week and
now this liquid doesn't work properly
can I get my money back
oh I'm so sorry ma'am but our store does
not have every fun policy he may
exchange it for another purse do I have
to get another purse no not actually you
can exchange it for any item of equal
price well that sounds good may I take a
look around yes of course take your time
could I see some of your woman's wallet
yes actually yes really we just received
a shipment of some really nice leather
wallets for men and women may I see the
wallets that snap closed sure what color
would you like brown or black brown
sounds nice
follow me please unit 9 making sales on
the phone hello P&J flowers this is
Stephanie speaking hello I would like to
order a dozen roses would you like it in
a box or a bouquet I would like a dozen
red roses in a box with a card that says
I love you from Lee how sweet would you
like anything else with it perhaps the
box of chocolates or a teddy bear no
thank you
when are you going to pick it up no I
would like those delivered by 7:00 p.m.
to miss Melanie Larson at 1:33 Sequoia
Lane in Glendale could you pass the Koya
for me certainly s eq uoy a thank you
the delivery will be arranged excuse me
how much is that that will be $70 okay
since I'm not in town can I pay by my
Visa card sure may I have your credit
card information yes my name is Lee King
I'll use my Visa card the number is
seven five four three two eight one one
three zero four nine seven two two seven
that expires December 25th 2002 thank
you very much thank you
hello ma books this is Claire speaking
how can I help you yes I'm looking for J
are our tokens Lord of the Rings trilogy
do you have it in stock
just a moment while I check our
inventory sir yes we have the trilogy in
stock you'd like it one set I assume
actually I would like two sets please
okay two sets at $17 each plus four
dollars for shipping comes to $38 may I
have your credit card information yes my
name is Andrew Arnold and I'll be using
MasterCard the credit card number is
seven one six zero four two one eight
nine three nine seven one four three two
with the expiration date July 15th 2004
I also need your home address phone
number and email please okay my address
is 10/4 Parkwood Baltimore and my phone
number is 4 1 0 4 8 8 3 2 9 7 ok may I
have your zip code please Oh my zip code
is 2 1 2 0 6 and your email my email
address is M F L I am s at hotmail.com
great ok I'll get those books out today
and you should receive them within the
next 3 days
thank you you're welcome
and thank you for shopping at MA books
goodbye
hello pianist is and speaking how may I
help you I would like to order set menus
for five please yes we currently have a
regular five course menus price of five
dollars your choice between beef chicken
a vegetarian or a fish menu and what is
included in the five course meals while
there is rice soup a stir-fried dish a
main course and a dessert hmm
how long would it take to deliver the
delivery time ranges between 10 to 30
minutes depending on the location where
would you like them to be delivered to
the address is the National Bank on the
second floor of the mm building on
Thompson Street and may I have your
phone number please yes it's five eight
five nine two three four eight the total
bail will be $25 please have it ready
thank you thank you for eating pns bye
bye bye
unit 10 dealing with an unsatisfied
customer oh good morning man help you
yes I would like an explanation on how
the extra large shirt that I bought two
days ago now looks like an extra small
shirt after just one wash sir may I see
the shirt yes you may see the extra
small shirt oh it's amazing how much
it's shrunk yes it is it is now the
right size for my young son sir did you
read the washing directions before you
did your laundry no I just washed it in
hot water with all the rest of my
clothes sir the washing directions
clearly indicate that you do not wash it
in hot water really yes
I'm sorry I'm afraid there's nothing I
can do to help you well then I guess my
son has got a new shirt has anyone
waited on you yet man
not yet what can I help you with I
purchased this shirt for my husband last
week and I'd like to return it what is
the problem with the shirt
well I washed it once and the colour has
faded oh did you follow the washing
instructions on the shirt tag of course
I did exactly what the instructions
indicate to do oh do you have a receipt
yes here it is I'm not too happy about
this because when the colour faded it
ruined some of the other clothing I'm
very sorry to hear that
the only thing I can do is refund the
price with a shirt at least you can do
that thank you all right could you
please fill out the return form like I
have i you we they and Bloor now we use
half okay I have
we have but four she hate it and
singular now we use hosta side she has
my dad has remembered I have one house I
have a house she has one Apple she has
an apple we have six cars
my dad has three watches my phone number
is eight four nine eight seven oh eight
three nine six eight our apartment is on
the fifth floor the fifth floor the
fifth floor it was the first time I met
him how old are you I'm 20 years old I'm
20 years old how many students are there
in your class how many students are
there in your class there are 15
students in my class can we meet this
Sunday there nineteenth sure is fine for
me or sorry I'm busy on that day one
more time how old are you I'm 20 years
old how many students remembers the
students are there in your class
remember claw clasp there are 15
students in my class can we meet this
Sunday the 19th sure it's fine for me
sorry I'm busy on that day honey I'll go
out now honey I'll go out now you can
say go out now or you can say quickly go
out now go out here usually the tea a
word that ends with tea and then the
next word begins with a consonant
usually you don't have to say tea here
you can say quickly okay
go out now you can pause a little bit go
out now I'll go out now honey I'll go
out now
where will you go I'll go to the shop be
more I'll I'll go to the shop be more or
I'll go to the shop be more do you need
to buy something do you do you need to
buy something do you need to buy
something yes I'll buy choices and I use
yes all bad choices in high heels I'll
go with you I'll go with you I'll go
with you I think I need some nude sucks
I think I need some new socks which one
oh I'll go with you I think I need some
new socks
I'll buy and take them home for you I'll
I'll buy and take them home for you so
will you go there alone so will you go
there alone no I'll go with Jean one of
my best friends no I'll go with Jean who
one of my best friend ok when will you
come back ok where will you come back
well after shopping aisle I will meet
another friend
well after shopping I'll meet another
friend and I'll have dinner with her and
gin and I'll have dinner with her in
Jean so I think I'll come back by 10:30
so I think I'll come back by 10:30 or so
I think I'll come back by half-past ten